Fix RTD admin instructions in maintenance documentation (#1397)
collective/icalendar: docs/contribute/maintenance.rst

        git commit -m "Show version warning banner for previous major version 6.x on Read the Docs"
        git push  # to collective/icalendar

> #.  Manually trigger the "latest" version on `Read the Docs <https://app.readthedocs.org/projects/icalendar/>`_.

Reviewer: "Manually trigger the 'latest' version on RTD" doesn't tell the reader where to click. A first-time maintainer wouldn't know the path. Other steps in this doc include the specific UI actions. Maybe:

```suggestion
#.  On `Read the Docs <https://app.readthedocs.org/projects/icalendar/builds/>`_, click :guilabel:`Build version: latest` to publish the updated :file:`version-switcher.json`.
```

Author: Done in 35ac66cb411cf18184ba5439588443f9366cf059. Thank you!
